{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Adele contacts secret encrypted messaging service when she doesn\'92t have her gear and receives the unheard of \'93go to ground/disavow\'94 message.\
\
\
Adele\'92s cover is as a \'93international\'94 trade accountant or analyst or something that makes sense for her to travel borders and have a mid-grade security clearance. \
\
That is how she convinces Dempsey to go get her satellite stuff, ship, etc. Maybe shouldn\'92t be as hard of a mission as I thought.\
\
\'97\'97\
\
Thren, crazy alien species on the outskirts, human haves little contact just some research communication.\
\
Thren are so dissimilar that communications are very hard. There were some conflicts at first, but the Thren are much more advanced and much larger. Now, there are contact stations where humans and Thren are working on communication and seeing if there are any common interestes. There is not a great deal of overlap or needs between the 2, and so far they have restricted access to their inner worlds from eachother. \
\
No one quite knows what hte Thren think as their society and mindsets are so different. Humans estimate that the Thren are at leaset 1 or 2 thousdand years ahead of humans in terms of societal evolution.\
\
\
In the story, Dempseys ship and them are somehow transported very far and don\'92t know where they are or how to get back. Somehow they run into a Thren vessel or something, or the Thren find them since they see what is happeneing in the human systems. The Thren want to communicate with the ship to try and get some sort of insight. Their intentions are strange and unknown.\
\
Adele has her brother, Priest, with them and he is the weird super genius. Somehow he is albe to open communication with the Thren.\
\
\
Adele goes back for Priest because he is her brother. Some super savant, not autistic but not annoying. Sort of like Data. \
}